Mentioned portability in the introduction docs (#34)
wasmerio/docs.wasmer.io: docs/introduction.md

Wasmer therefore provides two key services:

> 1. It allows you to run WASM modules either standalone, or (by means of our language integration tools) embedded within other language runtimes such as C/C++, Python, and Rust. Which allows for extremely portable binaries, that can run unmodified in any OS that supports Wasmer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. It allows you to run WASM modules either standalone, or (by means of our language integration tools) embedded within other language runtimes such as C/C++, Python, and Rust. This enables extremely portable binaries that can run unmodified in any OS that is supported by Wasmer (Linux, macOS, Windows and FreeBSD).
```
